Scroll all results of Endpoint in ElasticSearch storage and refactor scrolling logics to reduce boilerplate codes (#10986)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Fix AI Pipeline uri caching NullPointer and IllegalArgument Exceptions.
* Fix `NPE` in metrics query when the metric is not exist.
* Remove E2E tests for Istio < 1.15, ElasticSearch < 7.16.3, they might still work but are not supported as planed.

> * Scroll all results of Endpoint in ElasticSearch storage and refactor scrolling logics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scroll all results in ElasticSearch storage and refactor scrolling logics, including Service, Instance, Endpoint, Process, etc.
```

Reviewer: FYI @Superskyyy This will fix the bug you found.
